Author: Matthew Bourgoine

## Land Mine Person ##

Welcome to Land Mine Person, where the objective of the game, is simply
to survive as long as possible against the patriarchy. You start in the
top left corner, the gender fluid character that chooses their new
gender every half second! Your enemies however, are all the other 3
players in every other corner. Move, dodge, and strategically place your
 bombs in which to retaliate against your cis gendered enemies.

Controls:
---------
- Up/Down/Left/Right: Directional keys
- Place Bomb: Space
- Pause: ESC
- Quit: 'Q'

Cheat Codes:
------------
- Z will end the current game, giving an instant game over
- W will eliminate all enemies on the screen (without any bonus points)

Score is determined as follows:
-------------------------------
- For each second you survive, you gain 100 points.
- When you place a bomb, you gain 50 points.
- If you take a hit, you lose 200 points.
- Every time you move, you lose one point per step.

Low-Bar Goals:
--------------

- Have a working game!
    - Completed!

- Pause and exit the game from the playing state
    - Completed!

- Two different types of AI settings, one offensive where they seek out
the player, and one defensive where they avoid mines and attempt to take
 the power ups before the player.
    - Completed!

- Have some of the power-ups working, Extra life at a minimum
    - Incomplete (Sent an email regarding such)

- Correctly working mechanics
    - Completed!

- The top menu in the UI
    - Completed!

- Properly working tile maps
    - Completed!

- Have a single high score recorded based off interaction in the game
    - Completed!

High-Bar Goals:
---------------
- Multiplayer Functionality for a second player to jump in a play.
    - Incomplete

- All four power-ups being added and successfully working.
    - Incomplete

- MUSIC!
    - Completed!

- Having randomly generated destructible blocks in a level scaling
format (e.g. level one would have less destructible blocks as level two)
    - Incomplete

- GRAPHICS!
    - Completed!

Licensing:
----------
All resources, as well as code and art/music is part of GPL.